I love you in the parliament that has just been
redesigned from the point of view of the
restyling then have been redone
paintings inside this unit
housing and had a predominance of
white that a very light color very much
bright is very strong
you can simply see the valium
they are mistaken if instead of painting
white was made in conjunction with
travertine they call very big e
populous however the characteristic of
this unique vein was made one
adventure that now blurs the idea of
hazelnut with the plane boat of five
centimeters to enhance the context
if we continue inside
alternative this is the locale
16 years in the kitchen here the china is
was designed from a point of view
also the car's fidel the wall
white was offered a sand tint
good good have been dashed
Italians born impregnating cleaning
of the multiplication tables and also of super-powerful
flying woodworm and whatever else and drawing
of the style kitchen proposed by
supervisor
this is similar to marble
in paste
proposed a polishing operation e
polishing brushing we can
the operation can be found one day
this place
I do n't know if the new realities are proposed
lizard case
we do not love cunning because wind
and modern classic style and very sober
so it wasn't worth pushing
I too wanted too much about the future
enhance this wall to evaluate
they change it
good taxon wedged by belen and the
portal of the side is different
from the fortune has ris
we continue in this map the whole
blasting of the good and the equipment
storms and cleaning tables
we can find a beautiful room
so much the car is also here
A shade of light has been made for
the simple fact that it was not worth it
go further because I want to do it this way
the atoms from 1 day light the same
time also enhances me with a game of
shadows all the various shades
continuing poison up the stairs
we can find the study area a lot
nice that here we find exposed beams
with the multiplication tables a beautiful January and
the peculiarity of this
cantilevered floor the possibility that yes
see and be false in the living room here yes
a relative should be placed on a wall
which was made of the view photo of
acoustic insulation sound insulation
which I need to break down the noise
I need more sound insulation too
for a battery in all the sound too
like thermal insulation
continuing we find the slaughterhouse that is
overlooking the area of ​​the two bathrooms
even here they do n't pay much attention but in 3
the sweet martino of painting was
made a shade that sums up the peach
in collaboration also with the
owner who accepted mine
advice I was very simple white bathroom
for brightness and also enhance
here the choice of the whole sinks
technique we replaced the classics
a washbasin was placed with the children
a suspended cabinet a mixer is
side to give sanitary space
suspended of the hard and the tub to
whirlpool continuing on this
room here
who is trying to fix the last ones
stages of painting to give delivery
actual and housing units
continuing from here we found it
of the room here too has been done
a poured use of a shower floor a
revive it very beautiful particular queen
and a double possibility we can do
is the plan the shower that the plan
reference tub made in mosaic is
very nice speech of the la
sanitary travertine brushing
suspended
very nice also particular of the
suspended cabinet mixer of
stein line to the government and continuing
we love the house here was done
a casauria dress speak opposite
of final and at the end of a mistake is
This solution has been hit a lot
beautiful is dated house that enhances the
context of the holy night and the same
time also in harmony with what is
the trend here we can concentrate
here an example of how restyling of how
interventions are made first
studied any de facto state you can
train you projects and the end of
registration